good afternoon this is Kara Humphries
from Londonderry Chrysler I'd like to
give you a little quick little walk
around here on your truck we got some
nice tow hooks here for you as well as
we have our our Lexon lights here just
about and breakable the same type of
material they use in aircraft mechanics
as well as our projector headlamps for
better viewing everything that your need
will be easily located in yellow Dodge
has done us a favor by that first we
have a 5.7 as a fuse boxes right here
and our batteries are all come in their
blankets up top here we have our noise
reduction here but this also works out
case rivers of fire these the toggles
are designed to come down blink and I'll
put out the fire for you our engine is
also designed and to ever have a head-on
collision to drop down and go on an
instruction I'm just gonna walk around
to the sides here so again Hemi 5.7
liter ram 2500 we have our tow beers are
also breakaway mares as well we have our
chrome match handle crew cab and we also
don't have a lock on our gas caps but
that's okay because we have a ball in
here now to prevent any siphoning now
take you out in the back we have our
beautiful chrome bumper we have your
Power Wagon 2500 Laramie we have our 4
and 7 prong as well as a class 4
receiver hitch for you we have our
backup camera
a spring in box liner here for you now
in the back seat what's in the bag here
is all your carpet and floor dude match
round mats the seats flip up very very
easily and you have a touch of storage
underneath the other side you'll have
your speaker system just gonna take you
on into the front with me close the door
and you'll hear an amazing quiet ride so
we have our our touchscreen are you
connect here our bluetooth capabilities
as you'll see right here you tooth and
Bluetooth and as well as our cruise
control here for you
anti-lock rear lock and front and rear
lock as well as the rolls details to
disconnect the sway bar same thing as
you can use in the rubicon amazing for
off-roading and cruising around on the
bush we have heated and cooled seats and
heated steering wheel we have light tire
load inflation as well and bringing you
onto the front - we have all kinds of
options here for you to go through your
trip reveal can control your trailer tow
audio you can see what's on your radio
right now you can also change your
systems from our our steering as well we
have audio controls air zone no messages
and it come through and let you know to
change oils such as that and you can
just keep it on speedometer we have your
vehicle info know things like that'll be
your transmission temperature your oil
temperature oil life your gauge summary
engine hours looks like you got a total
of seven hours on this how nice and your
tire pressure as well everything here
will be at your fingertips and easy for
you to monitor you have your alpine
systems outstanding system we have here
and of course a beautiful sunroof to
enjoy the day we have here many
different types of cup holders here and
they all every single thing we have here
here it has a noise reduction so there's
rubber and everything for a nice quiet
ride change in here we have our SDK
all right our ups an auxilary truck
everything here has gone digital and we
also have a nice little extra yeah six
seater a beautiful leather interior with
our French seam stitching and so if you
have any questions or concerns anything
else I can help you out with please
don't hesitate to give me a show my name
is Kara Humphreys with Londonderry
Chrysler and I look forward to hear from
you sir thank you very much